call me I'm me I'm coming I'm coming
what the hell is that huh oh oh I'm
playing a game uh I played five
Archibald arrives cards and that's just
the voice clip he does okay that's
[Music]
and that that's his damage sound
that's a defeat quote
it's a cutscene now I love sex okay now
he's just saying I don't know that's the
name of the ice dragon he's fighting see
that just seems intentional now I mean
it makes sense you play the game
okay no I hear it now foreign
this video is sponsored by shadowverse
right now characters from RE zero appear
as leaders in the game until July 26th
played against special daily bonuses and
complete limited time missions to get
animated alternate art cards featuring
re-zero characters download the game
using the link in the description below